Update README.md (#147)
tesseract-ocr/tessdata: README.md

tessdata
========

> These language data files only work with Tesseract 4.0.0 or 5.0.0-alpha.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These language data files only work with Tesseract 4.0.0 an newer versions.
```

Reviewer: They also work with Tesseract 4.1.0, so "newer versions" is better than adding a lengthy list of versions here.

Author: Sure, if that is accurate...? I only have two data points. (this is why I shouldn't submit docs updates, too - only one point of view! :-) )
